Of all the experiences I've had, I'm more thankful
for that than anything in my whole life, really.
What were the experiences that helped to draw
Aggies together? Like, do you remember going to
Silver Taps? Oh, yeah. Gosh, yeah. Did you take it
seriously? Oh, yeah. I still almost cry when I hear
it. Did your buddies? Oh, yeah, absolutely. And it
was always respectful? Oh, just thinking about
it, I'm choking. Do you remember going to muster?
Yeah, yeah. I went to several, not many. I've never
been to one locally. One that I wished I could have
gone to was 10 years ago this year, the survivors of
the Corregidor Muster were back on campus. Oh my
gosh. Don't I wish I could have heard their
stories. Oh gosh, yeah. You're seeing your ring.
How much did it cost? Do you remember?
I bought two. I bought one for her and one for me. I
bought hers and mine. And I don't wear it very
often. It still looks new because when I was
cutting meat, you know, I just wear it when I go out,
you know. I don't remember. You've never lost it?
No. Do you have any ring stories where somebody
somewhere in some faraway place noticed
something? Oh, yeah, yeah. I don't remember the
stories, you know, but yeah, people notice it. Why
is an Aggie ring so precious? I think people know
how we feel about it maybe, and it just kind of comes
out, you know. Because whenever you get any
comments, you know, they're pretty well aware of
it. Is the spirit still there? Oh, yes. Oh, yes.
Even with the civilians, the non-regs? And the
women may have more pride than the men. Well, women
are good about that. Yes, yes. You know, they are.
Yes. All right. You stayed in the Corps. through
your fifth semester. Yeah, let's see. Yeah. And
then got out. Where did you live then as a non-reg?
In dorm 12, or was it? OK. You lived on campus? Those
dorms that were numbered. You lived on campus?
Yeah. Oh, yes, on campus. Sure. Now, the fact that
you had been in the Corps and were then a non-reg,
did that matter in terms of friendships and
acceptance and everything? No, no. And my
roommate that I had while I was a non-reg had the
same problem. And so he had been in the Corps. And I
knew him from before. So you didn't buy senior
boots. No. And you didn't get to go through final
review. No. Commencement. You attended
commencement. Oh, yes. All right. You're not yet
married, but now you're serious. By the time
you're graduating, are you serious with that
young man? Yeah. Who came to commencement when you
graduated? A cousin of mine that was... I always
thought he was an uncle because he was so much older
than I was, but he was a cousin and my brother, the
only two that came. This special young lady didn't
come? No. Well, she was still in school. And mom and
dad didn't come? No. Well, my mother had died. My
mother died in May. She died in 49, but I don't
remember, February, March. She had a heart
problem. And then daddy had the store, you know. He
couldn't come, but he sent my cousin and my brother
came. And they were impressed. Do you remember
where commencement was held?
No. I think it was outside. All right. In that era,
many times they were held at the football stadium.
Yeah. I think that's where it was. Every name was
called. Every hand was shaken. Every hand was
shaken. Even mine.
What is it that builds this pride, this spirit,
this feeling of Iagish?
I think it starts at the beginning. And it builds as
you go, as you see the things that happen and the
things you do and the things they tell you. And it
just gets stronger and stronger and stronger as
you go. And even when you leave, it gets stronger
when you see what it's done for you, what it's done
for me. I don't know about everybody else.
It's, you know, it's there. And you never thought
about transferring anywhere else? No. I went to
school one summer here just to get some extra so I
could graduate with the class. You know, I was a
spring, I was a frog. So I went to school and
carried, I think, six or nine hours here and
transferred them. And that way I graduated in June
of 49 with the rest of the fish, you know. If you were
a consultant today, to the leadership of A&M about
A&M's future, what would you urge them to do? I
don't keep up with it much, but I would say the way
they're growing and everything is just keep doing
what you're doing. You say the spirit's still
there. It's just that many more people that are
getting it, and it should be good for the country. I
don't know of anything that they could do that
would make it any better. It keeps growing. It
keeps getting better. The spirit's still there. I
don't know. If you could make a major gift to Texas
A&M, Somebody walks up to you, hands you a check for
a million dollars, and there's only one
restriction. You must give it to Texas A&M. What
would you want your gift used for?
I don't know. I don't know. Just offhand, I'd say
maybe set up a scholarship or two or three or four
for troubled guys that could go there and be in the
Corps and go through the Aggie system. I think it
would- Now troubled, how do you mean by troubled?
Well delinquents maybe, guys that maybe could
have been good, guys that grew up without a father,
all these people that I think A&M would really,
really help. To what people related to A&M,
students, faculty, or whatever, do you feel the
most gratitude as you look back?
To whom are you most grateful? Oh, my
upperclassmen. Yeah, really and truly. And most
of them were really good, I learned from them all,
they all had good attitudes, and I always thought
they were fair. Even when they were beating on me I
thought I had it coming. I think my upperclassmen.
All right, I've only got one more question. What
have we not covered that we should have? Do you have
any, had you thought of any stories or things you
wanted to be sure to? No, no. The only thing, we
didn't go into detail was my romance, you know, but
I don't think that's relative to this, you know.
All right, then the last question is, what
feelings do you hold in your heart today for Texas
A&M?
mostly gratitude for what it did for me.
I don't do much to show it. I do the silver thing
every year. And that's it. That's all I do. But I
feel gratitude.
Just thank the Lord every day that something took
me there. You know, I don't know what. But that's
it. That's a good ending.